So today, we will be discussing github and its commands.

Github is a VCS i.e. it is a version control system.
The main purpose of a version control system is to enable proper file management and have the history of all the 
versions of our project without having to manually store each version.

Let's talk some common terms:

1. Repo
2. Add
3. Pull
4. Clone
5. Stage
6. Commit
7. Push
8. Fork
9. Branch
10. Merge
11. README
12. Status
13. Restore
14. Fetch
15. Init
16. Checkout

Now, I would like all of you to clone this repo, update this file by filling in details of the commands, and pushing this file to your new repo.

For reference, I would encourage all of you to go through official git documentation.

alskdjfalsdghajlfgha

pull and fetch.

1. Repo- It contains all the project files and stores each file's history.
2. Add- It stages changes in the working directory for the next commit.
3. Pull- It refers to when you are fetching in changes and merging them.
4. Clone- It is a copy of a repo that lives on your computer instead of on a website's server somewhere.
5. Stage- It is used to put the files onto the queue for pushing into the remote repo.
6. Commit- It means an individual change to a file.
7. Push- It means to send your committed changes to a remote repository on GitHub.
8. Fork- It is a personal copy of another user's repo that lives on your account.
9. Branch- It is a parallel version of a repo. It is contained within the repo , but does not affect the primary or main branch.
10. Merge- It takes the changes from one branch(in the same repo or from a fork), and applies them into other.
11. README- A text file containing information about the files in a repo that is typically the first file a visitor to your repo will see.
12. Status- A visual representation within a pull request that your commits meet the conditions set for the repo you're contributing to.
13. Restore- It is used to discard changes in the working directory or to restore files from a specific commit.
14. Fetch- It means you are adding changes from the remote repo to your local working branch without committing them.
15 Init- It is used to initialize the given directory to a repo.
16 Checkout- It is used to create a new branch, change your current working branch to a different branch, or even to switch to a different version of a file from a different branch.
